Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Yes.
That guy there was my doctor.
The one who looked like a Nazi officer.
He said I have five months to live.
I said. "Are you sure it's not three?"
He insisted it was five.
Maybe a month longer or shorter.
To avoid being a pest.
I didn't inquire further.
Looking back. what can I say?
I have had a good life actually.
I've lived my life to the fullest.
I'm not afraid.
I just have one big problem.
Or you could say he's little.
Put it there.
Well then.
let's play First Word.
Bed.
Pillow.
Sleep.
Clock.
Greenwich meridian.
Don't lie. that's not a thing!
Great. you start whining right away.
It is a thing.
Sandwich merman?
What?
Now. that's not a thing. What?
You're making stuff up!
Okay. I don't want you to feel that way.
Okay. fine.
I have great news for you. buddy.
What?
It's time.
Really?
Really.
One. two. three. four!
Hey Dad. hamam that. yeah
Hey Dad. hamam it. yeah
This is my favorite photo.
Why?
It's the only one with the three of us.
What happens when you die?
Can. you're asking that again?
My dear…
Can you scratch my back?
Sure.
I'll scratch your back.
Ready for landing?
Off you go.
All right.
Munu Munu.
Of course.
There you go.
Good night.
MON-TUE-WED-THU-FRI-SAT-SUN
Good job. kids. Good job.
Take turns. Go on.
There you go.
Good job. dear!
Amazing. Good job. everyone.
Can?
Yes. Mom?
Will you ever go to school?
Nope.
I won't.
Good job. guys. Let's go.
Come on. back to the classroom.
You know you should go to school
at some point. right?
For. like. 15 years?
I don't know. Maybe you should go directly
to university?
You can take your backpack.
And get on the ferry on your own. right?
-Is there anyone on Görkem's side?
-Nope.
-Your dad?
-He wouldn't.
Can! You fell off that bench
just the other day.
Maybe you can go downstairs for me
and have a dessert?
Yay. dessert!
-Careful.
-Thanks.
You're welcome.
I'll take care of Can.
Don't worry about that.
Yeah. sure.
You guys will go
from one party to another.
Yeah? You could do as I say
and find someone.
Melisa. if it were a man in your shoes.
he would have already found a future mom.
Right? Great idea.
A man to take care of Can once I'm gone.
A man. a husband.
I've never thought of that.
Why don't you let someone into your life?
All right. enough.
I'll be waiting downstairs.
Enjoy your food.
I don't understand
why you're acting like a lone wolf.
Yes. Can is a little jealous.
but I'll take care of that.
Here. I'll handle that now.
Can. my cutie-pie.
I want to ask you something.
Your mom and I are discussing something.
Who do you think is right. her or me?
You. of course.
Yes. of course I'm right.
I'll make you a list of candidates.
and you'll pick someone.
It's that simple. okay?
Candidates?
Dear. come here. please.
Yes. sir.
I'd like chia pudding
and a nice cortado. please.
Of course.
Can. let's play on your tablet. Come on.
Let's find your tablet. Where is it?
Let's go.
I wonder if I should get married.
To that blond customer
who called you "dear"?
Ew. no way.
No. I was just thinking about it.
Would it be so bad
if I had someone in my life?
He'd take care of you
if something happened to me.
-You wouldn't be alone.
-Nothing will happen to you.
Have I done something to upset you?
No. baby.
You haven't done anything to upset me.
I'm sorry.
-You won't get married. right?
-I won't.
Promise? You're not lying. right?
Promise. What's something I never do?
You never lie. Right?
I never lie to you. Right.
Go on. watch some TV.
-Hello.
-Here you go.
-Thanks.
One black filtered coffee. please.
-Sure.
-No milk.
Hey. spongy!
Yeah. the spongy. We'll get that too.
Sure. it's 23 liras.
23 liras… Here you go.
Can you pay in change?
-I have change!
-You do? I have…
I have ten liras here.
Just give me 13 of those coins.
One. two.
three. four.
five…
-Oops.
-Oops!
-Wait. let's recount.
-Okay. we'll recount.
Go ahead.
What?
I'm in a hurry.
We are too.
Oh. really?
Yeah. I guess
you can wait for two minutes.
Go ahead and count it.
One.
two.
three…
Four. five. six. seven. eight.
nine. ten. eleven. twelve. thirteen.
That's it.
He's a kid. What's wrong with you?
I just want to order.
Do I have to wait all day?
Yes. you do
because he's learning how to count.
Let's start over. Can. One…
If he's just learning it now.
we'll be here until tomorrow.
You want to hit me too?
You can order here.
Please.
I'll get this spongy too.
-What can I get you?
-Orange juice.
Okay.
Keep the change. Thank you.
Let's go.
-Hi. welcome.
-Thanks. A pack of cigarettes. please.
Sure.
FINANCIAL
BIKE WHISPERER
-Thanks.
-Thank you.
Come on. we already got one of those.
I'll buy a new one later.
-Melisa?
-Yes?
Try and complain about this. Check it out.
-Is that the profile you opened for me?
-Yes.
Close it! I told you a thousand times.
I don't want it.
Are you stupid? Just close it.
It's just nonsense.
Dear. could you come here?
Enough with that "dear" shit.
I'd like a strong and tasty Americano.
Right away.
What do you want?
What do you think?
-Hi. Welcome.
-Thanks.
-A pack of cigarettes. please.
-Sure.
Thanks. Have a good day.
-Have a great day at work.
-Thanks.
Let's go.
Fatoş.
Fatoş. what are you eating?
Don't you see the hair in it?
Fatma!
Okay. I'm sorry.
I know I shouted a little but…
I think you're right.
I can let someone into my life.
It might be good for Can.
-What?
-I guess.
How about him?
No. I have someone in mind.
-Who?
-You know that bike whisperer guy?
Fırtına. Fırat Fırtına.
That Fırtına guy?
Great. cool.
No fucking way.
Fırat Fırtına.
Let's see… Who else?
Oh. you're serious?
Do you realize what you're saying?
And I'm the stupid one?
Girl. you think he'd make a good father?
He's always in the tabloids.
He finds a different chick every week.
Do you believe
he could be a good father? Come on!
Plus. where is this coming from?
It's so random.
Let's just say I followed the signs.
Okay. boomer.
But there is something else. Can.
Can will eat him alive.
No. they've already met.
They're on good terms. It's cute.
Excuse me?
Where are you going?
I told you. I'm meeting my friend.
Hold on.
That dress is fire.
but maybe it's too feminine?
I don't know. I got it from Ayşe.
Listen. I looked him up.
We know he is a cyclist.
And you know Nostalgia in Ortaköy?
He's one of the owners.
He's there every night.
But he's an absolute douche.
A douche?
Douche.
Who is that?
Who is what?
-Here.
-Oh?
But you can't sleep without it.
Yes. so you have to come back early.
You think you're sly?
Yes.
Are you the man of this house?
Are you the head of this household?
Are you my precious baby?
Okay. don't look at me like that.
I promise to come home early.
Okay. I promise.
We are finally alone.
-Fatoş…
-Can!
-This guy is Azerbaijani.
-From Baku?
-What?
-From Baku.
From Baku. exactly.
-Guys. I'm going.
-Just wait.
Quick! You drink so slowly.
We can't make money if you're so slow.
Let's drink again.
Cenk. I'm bringing you drinks.
Excuse me!
-Some water. please.
-Koray. ten vodka shots.
Water.
Hey. how are you?
Can Little Monster count to 13 now?
-Are you always so annoying?
-Annoying?
Yeah.
I have lovely one-syllable curses
for guys like you.
Koray. what's a one-syllable curse?
Dick.
Thanks. Koray.
Thank you. Koray.
Calling me a "dick" wasn't nice.
I'm offended.
What do you want me to do?
Water's enough. Thanks.
Excuse me. everyone!
This lady called me a dick.
Did you know that?
I didn't expect that from her.
I thought
that one-syllable curse was "scum."
She said "dick."
Koray. bring more.
Okay. that's enough. No.
Why? Would your husband get mad?
But you don't have a ring.
You should wear it. Shame on you.
Can I tell you what you have in mind?
Please. go ahead.
You talk about marriage
as bait. and I fall for it.
I tell you that I'm not married.
which is true.
Then you tell Koray
to get us another round of drinks.
I accept it.
Then I get drunk. you get drunk.
Maybe we dance a bit.
Then you say. "I'm so drunk.
Let's go to my place. It's really close."
"We'll have coffee and sober up."
I accept because I'm stupid.
I go with you. It turns out
that you don't have coffee at home.
But I'm stupid. so I don't mind
and I say. "Let's make love!"
Then we make love.
which probably doesn't last long.
Then I want to cuddle with you.
See. I'm still stupid.
In the morning.
you leave and I go back home.
That's it. How is my story?
You know what? It sounds great.
But to fix the plot holes
and errors in your story…
One. my place is not close at all.
Two. coffee?
Even you wouldn't fall for that.
You are a little stupid.
Three. you are very judgmental
about my performance time.
but I forgive you.
I just wanted to buy you a drink.
Because of the argument
at the café the other day.
Normally. you're on the list of women
I'd never approach.
Oh. "list of women"!
-You are that picky?
-Yeah.
Who don't you approach. moms with kids?
No. And moms generally have kids.
by the way.
Then what's the problem. smarty-pants?
You don't interest me.
You're too predictable.
I can tell your next move.
You're not my type.
Maybe because
I don't want to interest you?
I'd get your attention now if I wanted to.
You know what? I'm glad you didn't bother.
Say hi to Little Monster.
Koray. send them off.
You're still drinking that!
Before I died
I had many lovers
I made countless errors
Despite everything
I regret nothing
But still
I sometimes think
Maybe one day
I'll live again
All my loves
Oh God. were they just lies?
I'm so alone
I'm slowly wasting away
Wasting away
I thought you were leaving.
I was.
I wanted to get your attention
before I left.
Fırat.
See you.
Sure. we can talk about it
after a certain point…
It's unhealthy.
And don't smoke on an empty stomach.
Fine. what are you buying me?
Whatever you want.
-Let's go then.
-Wait. come back…
I'm in trouble with those guys.
Let's get a taxi.
I forgot my wallet in my car.
Oh. stop it.
You don't look so cool right now.
"I forgot my wallet in my car.
I don't know where I parked."
I think these are
high school-level excuses.
No. I swear.
I left my wallet in the glove box.
Yeah. sure.
Sure. it's because I'm a freeloader.
Let me find a car…
I get it. you won't stop talking about it.
Come on. let's go.
We don't need a car.
Come with me.
Don't be annoying
and question the hygiene here.
Who do you think I am?
Right!
-Here you go.
-Thanks.
FUAT'S STUFFED MUSSELS
Fuat. we want 20 more of these.
With lots of lemon.
But my name is Selami.
Fuat. you're making me look like a fool
in front of her. Bring 20 more.
Makes sense.
I'll be right back.
Want some beer?
Do you have change?
Yes. Mr. Freeloader.
Go on. order some.
But you can't order here.
You have to go and buy it.
That's fine. Just give me the money.
Fine.
So. tell me about yourself.
I shouldn't.
I don't want you to cry or something.
Why? Are you dying?
Yes.
I have five months left.
Don't they normally say "three months"?
That's what I said. it should be three!
But he said. "No. five."
Maybe a month longer or shorter.
Sounds like a great doctor.
Yeah.
Munu Munu.
Can's toy. He can't sleep without it.
Munu Munu?
-He calls it Munu Munu?
-Yeah.
It's cute! He never shows his cute side.
You know I won't insult
my kid with you. right?
Can I tell you something?
It'd be fun.
You know. as a man who doesn't like kids.
you should tell me about yourself.
Why bicycles?
I loved them as a kid.
And I inherited the company from my dad.
But it was almost bankrupt
when my dad died.
I was doing even worse than the company.
Thankfully. things have improved.
My dad and I used to fight a lot.
I'd drink and pass out somewhere.
He'd come and get me.
He'd say.
"You'll die in a bar corner. you prick."
How did your dad die?
Cirrhosis.
Sorry.
And Can? Little Monster?
Does he go to school?
He's in kindergarten.
He'll go to school next year.
but he hates it.
Why?
Because of me.
I caused it.
We had such a beautiful life…
Just him and me. Just the two of us.
Completely happy.
I didn't need anyone.
I didn't let anyone into my life.
Do you regret it?
-Regret what?
-Not letting anyone into your life.
No.
I have five more months.
It's still not too late.
-Should we go?
-No. this is nice.
Let's go.
-Oh. fuck.
-What?
Munu Munu is missing.
We'll find it.
How? Where can it be?
It was here just a second ago.
Okay. calm down.
I have to find it.
I can't go home without it.
-We'll buy a new one.
-From where?
How do we find a new one?
I can't go home.
Melisa. it's too late.
I promise. I'll find you a new one.
"I'm meeting an old friend."
Are we going to talk about that now?
No.
It was just a night. It's over now.
And I upset Can.
Do you know what your problem is?
What?
You think.
Honestly.
You think constantly.
Just let it go.
Don't think too hard.
Just live your life freely.
Do you remember how we met?
It was about three years ago.
I was in the storage room?
You were in love.
You were crying there like a loser.
Poor thing.
And you tried to console me.
speaking like my grandma.
You are amazing.
What did we do afterward?
No. Please. really.
-Yes. Oh. yes.
-I really don't want to.
I can't deal with that now.
You can. You have to.
Starting now!
Hello. Fırat?
You weren't sleeping. right?
No. but Can is sleeping.
Oh. okay.
-You know what?
-What?
Shall we have dinner tomorrow?
I know a quiet fish restaurant.
Do you like fish?
I do. but…
I can't leave Can.
Little Monster can come too.
Are you sure?
I mean…
How bad could it be?
Don't regret it later.
He'll eat. right?
Sure.
He is never fussy. but…
Great. See you tomorrow then.
Good night.
Okay. great. Good night.
Who was it?
Can. my love.
Can you please be
the world's sweetest kid tomorrow?
Shall we start?
-Enjoy your food.
Why are we here?
I told you.
Brother Fırat wanted to apologize
for the scene at the café the other day.
I don't have a brother.
Uncle Fırat wanted to apologize
for the scene at the café the other day.
I don't have an uncle either.
-How about just Fırat?
-What's just Fırat?
Let's leave. I want to leave.
But we talked about it at home?
Give me a break!
Can!
You wouldn't believe
the amount of TV he watches.
It's all because of TV.
What is that movie you watch all the time?
The one with cars?
Fast & Angry?
Or Calm Down. Sit. Stop Embarrassing Me?
Or That's Enough. Just Sit Down?
What was it?
-Fast & Furious.
-Thank you.
You'll pay if we don't leave.
Fırat sells bikes. Did you know that?
I don't care!
Stop being difficult. Eat your food.
Go on. Enjoy it. Please.
You burned the tablecloth?
How could you burn the tablecloth?
Explain it to me.
What am I supposed to do?
What's wrong with you?
I accidentally knocked it over.
Oh. please. As if I don't know you.
I wasn't born yesterday.
Do you realize that?
We won't see that man again.
Because nobody would want to see us!
If I were in his shoes.
I'd turn around and run.
And that's what he'll do.
No. don't answer it! We aren't here!
Can. be quiet!
Hello. Fırat?
Please forgive us. I'm truly sorry.
Is Can there?
Yes.
Here he is. Just a second.
He wants you.
Be nice.
Please.
What? What do you want?
And?
Okay.
Fırat and I are going
to a car race this weekend.
Just us. You're not invited.
Shall we dry your hair?
Later.
Okay.
Drive carefully!
-You put your helmet on?
-Yeah. just go.
We'll miss them.
It's fine. We're in Istanbul.
They'll get stuck in traffic.
Don't be scared. Gen Z is here.
Hold tight!
Go a bit faster.
He is a CEO!
He wouldn't do anything to a kid.
I'm not scared of him. I'm scared of Can.
Right.
Stop.
-What?
-Stop.
-Why? What happened?
-Can you stop?
Why did they stop?
How would I know?
What can I do to make you
leave my mom alone?
What can I ask for. exactly?
If it's money. I have none.
Bitcoin? Ripple? Ethereum?
I'll check the house.
We'll be late for the race.
Little Monster.
I don't want the race.
Do you think I'm stupid?
What do you want with my mom?
Yes.
I think I underestimated you.
Answer the question.
What do I want with your mom?
I want to be her friend.
Give me a break.
No.
You can't be my mom's friend.
Why? Is it bad to be friends?
Don't you have any?
I have my mom.
That doesn't count. Who else?
What? You have no friends?
Where are we going?
It's a surprise.
-Step on it.
-Calm down.
Come on. we'll lose them.
Fine!
Why are we here?
There are dogs here.
They are our best friends.
Don't you think so?
What does it have to do with Mom?
Is Mom a dog?
I thought you'd have a friend.
-Melisa.
-What?
Let's have a look.
Look. See?
So cute.
Hey. look at the dog.
Doggie. you are so cute.
-Hi.
Hi.
I'm Fatoş. I'm like his second mom.
Hi. Fırat.
Okay. dear. Thanks.
Thank you. I got it now.
Go.
-What's up?
-I'm good.
You followed us here?
You brought him here so that
he would understand we can be friends?
Yes.
How is it related? Am I a dog. Fırat?
You two can't think like that.
He is old enough for military service.
but he has never had a friend.
Because I'm his friend.
Okay. Fine. Melisa.
I tried to do something nice.
but it didn't work.
I'm done.
Why does it concern you? Why do you care?
Because…
Because I really like you.
Can is interesting too.
But it's more about you. Okay?
Okay.
Mom!
Hey there! Hey…
Mom. can Şirin come over?
She can't. You know how tiny our place is.
So what?
Can. please.
It's a no. okay? Don't insist. all right?
Talk her into it if you're her friend.
Can Şirin come over. Melisa?
She is so cute.
My friend.
why can't Şirin come over to your place?
She is so cute. She can stay there.
And Can could play with her at your place.
Please?
-Okay. fine.
-Yay!
But you'll take care of her.
Of course. Who else?
This is not Şirin at all.
Şirin was that pretty girl with long hair.
I guess they don't like each other.
Maybe. before it's too late…
Maybe we should rehome Şirin quickly?
I think he'll love her.
Maybe he's just comparing her to the girl.
I have no idea
how he could chat her up so fast.
Good job.
She keeps looking at me.
Şirin?
Don't call her Şirin.
You name her. boss.
What should we call her?
Fırat.
Can?
Do you like Fırat?
The dog?
Yeah.
I don't know. Maybe.
So should we all maybe become friends?
Fırat. you. me. and Fırat.
Fırat the dog is fine.
But not the other one.
Here you go. sir.
We don't have ice-cream sandwiches?
Milk is basically the same thing.
Can. Brother Fırat is coming today.
Dear?
Could you come here?
Is "dear" appropriate. dear?
Sorry?
I just meant it
in the way you address everyone.
Is that so?
You should apologize to the lady.
-I'm sorry. madam.
-It's all good. sir.
-Is there anything else I can do for you?
-Apologize to her son.
I'm sorry. young man.
What's up?
We need to talk.
Okay.
SECONDHAND STORE
Here we are.
What's going on?
Let me guess.
"Leave my mom alone."
No. I'll try something else.
What the hell? What's going on?
Who broke my window? Huh?
Kids… They should be supervised
at this young age.
What happened. buddy?
I wonder where his parents are.
Dad?
Who? Me?
Get back here. you jackass!
-Stop!
-Pay for the window!
-Come back!
-Pay for it!
-Pay for the window! Pay…
Pay for it!
We're safe.
Those shopkeepers should join the Olympics
if they can run that fast.
I'm dizzy.
Wait.
I'll show you later.
What were you trying to do?
See how strong his windows are?
No.
What was it about?
I was testing if you could
protect us from everything.
And the result?
You're a good runner.
Mom?
Okay. son.
We're not going to be friends with Fırat.
I wasn't going to say that.
Are you sleeping?
No.
Do you think Fırat is good?
What do you think?
I don't know. Maybe.
He won't be my father. right?
You're just friends?
Like me and Fırat the dog?
We're just friends.
Like you and Fırat the dog.
But he'll pay if he breaks your heart.
Okay. don't cry.
I don't want you to cry.
No. I'm not crying.
I just saw an onion in my dream.
Fırat the dog smells kind of bad.
Does Fırat smell the same?
I guess it's the boss's area of interest.
-Toilet paper?
-Yeah.
True.
Does it have a meaning?
Sorry.
Can's dad left the house one night
to buy toilet paper.
And he never came back.
He died.
So he's scared that one day
we'll run out of toilet paper.
I'll have to go buy some.
and something will happen to me.
That's what it means.
-Fırat.
-Can.
What happens when you die?
I don't know. I've never died.
And why do we die?
I guess
because it's the end of our adventure.
What do you mean?
Think of it like a movie with no action.
Would you keep watching it?
No. it'd be too boring.
Exactly.
-Fırat.
-Boss?
Thanks.
For what?
For being our friend.
I need to tell you something.
Later.
So impatient!
-Thanks.
-Enjoy it.
Here you go. Go to Sister Fatoş.
What do…
What flavor?
Dad?
Is he okay?
Can!
What are you doing? Can!
-Are you okay?
-Dad!
-Stop.
Let me go to my dad!
-Take him away.
-Can!
-Can. come here.
-Dad!
-Let me go!
-Calm down!
Let me go to my dad!
-Can!
-Dad!
-Can.
-We need to go.
-Let me go!
-Dad!
-Can.
-Let me go to him.
-Calm down.
Melisa?
-That's my dad!
-Is that your kid?
-Dad!
-Can.
Dad!
-Dad!
Melisa?
What's going on?
Call an ambulance.
-Someone call an ambulance.
-Quick!
I'm calling one.
Why did you get up?
Where is Can? Is he okay?
He's at my place with Birce.
He cried for his dad all night.
What did you say when he asked about me?
I said you were a little sick.
Fuck.
He waited all night.
What happened last night?
You owe Can an explanation.
What kind of mom
puts her son through that?
A cowardly…
weak…
bad mom.
Pick the one you want.
Why would you make someone fall in love
with you if you're about to die?
Why?
Why did you pick me for this torture?
Please tell me this is not why we met.
Someone had to care for Can. right?
I guess I was a good candidate.
Your smile was so beautiful
that I thought it was genuine and honest.
It was genuine.
Do you know when I was touched?
-When you did that toy trick.
-Don't.
When you lost Can's toy. you jumped
into ice-cold water without hesitating.
Don't.
I thought. "What a woman."
"That's what a mom does."
Don't.
Your trick worked.
-Birce. let's go to that room.
-For what?
Come on. dude.
The kid cried all day.
Okay. come on.
Where is my dad?
Tell me!
Where did he go?
Why didn't he recognize me?
Wasn't he dead?
Can.
That's not your dad.
He is. You're lying.
I thought you wouldn't lie to me.
You're a liar!
I wish you died!
You're sick anyway!
Are you sick?
You're okay. right?
You're fine.
Did I do something?
Did I upset you?
I'm sorry.
Let's go home. please.
I'll never ask about Dad again. promise.
Please.
You will. Can.
You will.
I'll be back soon.
Where are you going?
-Mom. don't go!
-Can.
-I'll come back.
-Don't go!
-Mom! Don't go. Mom!
-Can. honey…
-I'll come back. Don't cry.
-Don't go. Mom!
-I'll be right back.
-Your mom will come back. Can.
-Dear. she'll be back.
-Don't go!
Yes?
Fırat.
We need to talk.
What's so urgent?
Will you dance with me?
Did you call me for that?
Consider it my last wish.
Will you?
I have a story
if you're willing to listen.
It's the story of a student
with small dreams.
who just wants to paint.
She goes to the same bar
with her friends every night.
There is a guy at the bar.
He's always there too.
She is in love with him.
He doesn't know.
It's unrequited.
They haven't spoken at all.
But she thinks she knows him
better than everyone else.
She loves him better.
She understands him better.
She is so sure that he'd like her back
if he just saw her.
Despite everything
I regret nothing
I told you. she is stupid.
She's melodramatic. What can she do?
One day. she musters up the courage.
She goes up to the guy.
She doesn't know
her life is about to change.
She says hi for the first time.
-Awesome!
-It was awesome! Bravo!
I'm fucked. Koray.
I've promised everyone tequila shots.
You need to make it happen.
Hello.
Will you dance with me?
For sure.
To this song?
Sure.
Then comes the first touch.
The first dance.
Is your place nearby?
Wait a minute. stop.
Just a minute.
Do you want some coffee?
What coffee?
Coffee?
I'll buy us some stuff for breakfast.
There is no more toilet paper either.
Open the door for me. will you?
Sure. but…
Sure. but I think you can leave.
It's morning anyway.
I'll come back.
I'm taking it. We'll finish it together.
Okay?
Even an idiot wouldn't believe
you were going to come back.
But I did.
I did.
I was far along
when I found out about Can.
There was no turning back.
But I'm glad about it.
So glad.
It was the smartest stupidity of my life.
I had my dear baby.
I came to your workplace
a few times to tell you.
But you were never there.
That's what they said.
"Mr. Fırat is not here."
Then I thought.
"Girl. you don't need anyone else."
I didn't need you.
I didn't need other people.
I didn't need my dad who told me
to fuck off for getting pregnant.
I didn't need anybody.
He kept asking about his dad.
So I said my friend
who moved to Germany was his dad.
As you saw. that blew up in my face.
You can live without facing your past.
but you can't die.
I…
I wasn't going to look for you. actually.
But you came to me.
There are thousands of cafés in Istanbul.
I turn around. and you're there.
I turn my head and you're on the magazine.
I said. "I guess I need to go to him."
"I need to go back
to where it all started."
But I never lied to you.
My smiles weren't a lie.
Nothing was a lie.
No.
I wanted you to love me.
I wanted to be with you.
I wanted you to love Can.
Not by force.
I wanted you to truly love us.
I wonder…
if that night…
I'm sure you forgot about me.
But I wonder if you feel me in there.
deep inside?
Maybe?
Fırat?
Say something.
Anything.
It's late. Maybe you should fuck off.
Munu Munu.
These are…
his favorites.
And this is for any question
you might have.
"Can for Beginners."
Melisa.
This is not a goodbye. No.
No. it's not.
I'm going to come back.
I just want Can to stay here for a bit.
He needs to get used to it.
It's Fırat. right?
It was my idea.
It was my idea. I'm sorry.
Don't be silly.
Melisa. you know I grew up without a dad.
I didn't want Can to grow up like that.
Because it was shitty.
We won't cry
like a bunch of losers. right?
We won't.
I love you so much.
Okay. boomer.
I love you so much too.
-See you.
Hello.
Is Can here?
He's staying with us.
Let's go together if you want.
Let's go.
I'm glad you came.
He kept saying. "I miss Fırat so much."
But I didn't know which Fırat he meant.
Were you beaten up?
Are you mad at us?
Not at all.
I was just busy for a few days.
Is that why
you don't call me boss anymore?
Okay. relax.
Boss.
Come on. boss. Let's wake your mom up.
Take it.
Fırat. should I put these?
Bring the olives.
Good job. Sit down.
Okay.
-Good morning.
Good morning.
We made you breakfast. Mommy.
Come here.
Good boy.
I'm here.
I'll always be here.
We never got the timing right.
I love you so much.
Mom.
You won't hurt. will you?
Just go to sleep now.
Put me to sleep.
First Word.
Cold.
Hot.
Dark.
Sun.
Death.
Life.
Mom.
Mom!
Fırat?
Did she have to leave?
Boss. one day. all of us…
No. don't tell me that anymore.
Tell me something else. I'm sick of it.
I'm hurting so bad.
But I don't know the words to describe it.
I'm too little.
Believe me. I don't either.
And I'm not very little.
Will it be okay?
No. boss.
But maybe this can help
whenever you wish she were here.
-What's this?
-Open it up.
Look. it's me!
See. that's you!
And your bike.
Fırat the dog.
Is this Şirin?
Your girl.
No. she isn't!
Are we going to be housemates now?
-Do you want that?
-Okay. but I have rules.
What rules?
One. I don't watch movies with no action.
-And?
-Two. I need back scratches to sleep.
-What else?
-Three. I don't pay rent.
Four. we need to talk about school.
I'm not sure about it.
Boss. do you have a user manual
for all these rules?
Fatoş has something like that.
Can for Beginners.
Be sure to read it.
It tells you all about me.
Subtitle translation by:
Michael Evans